EZP-31818: Add "Known limitations" section to URL aliases (#1339)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/url_management.md

If the SiteAccess root path (configured in `content.tree_root.location_id`) is different than the default,
the prefix path that results from the configured content root is prepended to the final alias path.

!!! note

    Make sure that you correctly define languages used by the site in the configuration 
    (under the `ezplatform.system.<scope>.languages` key). 
    Otherwise, redirections for the renamed Content with translations in multiple
    languages may fail to work properly.

!!! warning "Known limitations"

>     Legacy Storage Engine doesn't archive URL aliases which initially had the same name in multiple languages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The [Legacy storage engine](../api/field_type_storage.md#legacy-storage-engine) does not archive URL aliases, which initially 
    had the same name in multiple languages. 
```

>     See https://issues.ibexa.co/browse/EZP-31818 for more details.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, see [the Jira ticket](https://issues.ibexa.co/browse/EZP-31818). 
```
